
ADL functions:  General, ambulation

ADL devices:

Ability

Ability to perform

Help

Help to perform

Need, require

Need help to perform

Have help to perform

With, without

With,without ADL device

***

He has been using a wheelchair.

Within the past 3 weeks, the patient has had increased difficulty with walking.

Oral care:  independent

Appetite:  good

Bowel habits:  2 - 3 times per week

Incontinence:  free voiding

Bowel:  patient reports no problems/changes

Walking:  consult sent to PM&R

Veteran states he is IND with ADLs.

Discharge to NH for short-term rehab services.

maginal appetite

continues to have frequency - sees gu

Ability to self-feed:  Independent
Mobility:  Independent
Bowel: supervised
Bladder: supervised
Ability to dress self:  Supervised
Sleep:  difficulty sleeping
	Describe:  difficulty sleeping in bed, comfortable up in chair
Ability to Manage Health Care Regimen:  Needs some ongoing assistance

Mode of pt arrival:  pt ambulatory

Nutrition:
	Method:  Oral (PO)
	
ORTHOTICS/PROSTHETIC DEVICES

Braces:  none
Cane: Remained with patient
Quad cane: None
Splint:  None
Crutches: none
Walker: none
Wheelchair: none
Scooter: none
Transfer board: none
Other/Disposition: Comments:

Incontinent of urine.  Patient has a cane above his bedside.

Ambulatory using cane and also with assistance.

Voiding per urinal.

Nursing assessment:  walking with walker.

Ambulatory aid:
Crutches/cane (s) / walker

Gait/Transferring:
Normal/bed rest/immobile

Prepares own meals?  yes

Toilets functioning properly? yes
Patient's basic needs (food, water, shelter) are consistently met?  Yes

Patient has ability to translate safely to toilet/tub?  Yes

No problems with b/b.   ("bathroom and bathing"?)

The patient was screened for problems with balance, adl's,  balance, swallowing and/or speech.  Response is as follows:  based on the screening the patient does not have a problem.

Has patient emptied bladder?  yes

Up and ambulate steady gait.

Veteran reports he walks with a cane.

Veteran requires in-home PT.  Assistance from HBPC with coordinating in-home therapy for Veteran at his ALF.

"I want out of this wheelchair."

Wheelchair bound.

Transport:  ambulatory

Prepares own meals?  no

Within the past three months the patient has had increased difficulty with (Check all boxes):  bed transfers, walking, dressing, grooming, bathing, perineal hygiene, adjusting clothing before/after toilet use.

No nutritional problems.

Prepares own meals?  no

If no, who prepares meals?  Daughter






